Kovan is a one stop application for all the group management needs. Our team’s goal is to create the best possible mobile application to manage people, families, and many other types of groups. The idea is to provide the easiest solution to organize people and keep everyone in the loop. The app will house various advanced features, such as creating groups, tracking group members, expense management, event management, to-do list, poll system, shopping list, etc. Kovan is the goto solution for all the group requirements.

People install multiple applications to manage their groups, teams etc. With Kovan our team is bringing all the features, which a group may need, under one umbrella. Which means that the users will not have to install multiple applications on their phones to manage groups, they can install Kovan and manage everything from one single application. Kovan is designed in a modular way such that it has a marketplace with a lot of plugins. Users will be able to add or remove different plugins according to their group needs. For example - A family group may need a member tracking feature where as a group of sports fans has no real use of such a feature. Kovan will be versatile and customisable and different types of groups can use it by adding or removing plugins according to their group requirements.

Manage, connect, take care, and be productive. Kovan is the one place app for all your group needs. Never miss an important date, always know what you and your group needs to do, be always connected with your beloved ones or be prepared and control all your group expenses, Kovan helps users to achieve your goals.
